Update mysql-compatibility.md (#4590)
pingcap/docs: mysql-compatibility.md

+ FLOAT4/FLOAT8
+ `SQL_TSI_*` (including SQL_TSI_MONTH, SQL_TSI_WEEK, SQL_TSI_DAY, SQL_TSI_HOUR, SQL_TSI_MINUTE and SQL_TSI_SECOND, excluding SQL_TSI_YEAR)

### Incompatibility caused by deprecated features

> TiDB does not implement certain functionality that has been marked as deprecated in MySQL. This includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB does not implement certain features that have been marked as deprecated in MySQL, including:
```

* Specifying precision for floating point types. MySQL 8.0 [deprecates](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/floating-point-types.html) this feature, and it is recommended to use the `DECIMAL` type instead.

> * The `ZEROFILL` attribute. MySQL 8.0 [deprecates](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/numeric-type-attributes.html) this feature, and it is recommended to instead pad numeric values in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `ZEROFILL` attribute. MySQL 8.0 [deprecates](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/numeric-type-attributes.html) this feature, and it is recommended to use pad numeric values in your application.
```

Reviewer 2: You could say "instead pad numeric values" or "pad numeric values", but not "use pad numberic values". "use pad numeric" would imply this is a feature of an application you could use, but it is not. It is only a broad concept.

+ FLOAT4/FLOAT8
+ `SQL_TSI_*` (including SQL_TSI_MONTH, SQL_TSI_WEEK, SQL_TSI_DAY, SQL_TSI_HOUR, SQL_TSI_MINUTE and SQL_TSI_SECOND, excluding SQL_TSI_YEAR)

> ### Imcompatibility caused by deprecated feature

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Incompatibility caused by deprecated feature
```

> * According to [MySQL 8.0's document on floating types](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/floating-point-types.html), floating point types with specified precision is deprecated, therefore we won't fix compatibility problems caused by such usage, users should be aware of this and use `DECIMAL` in this case.

Reviewer 4: `therefore we won't fix compatibility problems caused by such usage`
--> therefore TiDB won't support the scenarios which may not be compatible with MySQL caused by such usage?

Author: I think the expression above is clear enough and the logic is apparent, so I would not recommend complicate it. @morgo what's your opionion as a native speaker?
